refactor: clean up tf encoder (#214)
jina-ai/executors: jinahub/encoders/image/ImageTFEncoder/README.md

# ImageTFEncoder

`ImageTFEncoder` encodes ``Document`` content from a ndarray, potentially BatchSize x (Height x Width x Channel) into a ndarray of `BatchSize * d`.
Internally, `ImageTFEncoder` wraps the models from [tensorflow.keras.applications](https://keras.io/applications/).

> Use the prebuilt images from JinaHub in your Python code,

Reviewer: this part is automatically generated.

```python
from jina import Flow

f = Flow().add(uses='jinahub+docker://ImageTFEncoder',)

> ```

Reviewer: this

# ImageTFEncoder

> `ImageTFEncoder` encodes ``Document`` content from a ndarray, potentially BatchSize x (Height x Width x Channel) into a ndarray of `BatchSize * d`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`ImageTFEncoder` encode the ``blob`` with the size (Height x Width x Channel) of ``Document`` into one dimensional vector and stored it in the ``embedding`` field
```
